ISPN-14008 query and annotations docs review (#10989)
infinispan/infinispan: documentation/src/main/asciidoc/topics/proc_query_using_analyzers.adoc

.Procedure

> . Include the `analyzer` attribute to indicate that the property is analyzed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Annotate the property with a `@Text` annotation to indicate that the property is analyzed.
```

> . Specify the desired analyzer that you want to use for indexing and searching.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Specify the desired analyzer that you want to use for indexing and searching using the `analyzer` attribute
```
